what is she seeing something in the long
grass my goodness look at the wildebeest
Jess unbelievable she's going for a
wildebeest like let's get over there
quickly oh that's a great time for the
car not to want to be kidding we just
don't like it Harrison okay
okay here come the wildebeest look just
milling through the long grass yeah
can't see honey right now delicious you
can see look alert she's seen her target
she knows what she's after
here she goes did she goes here she goes
take another baby she's got a wildebeest
she's got a young wildebeest great work
honey
a meal for those four cubs well that's
why I'm calling
that's the contact cool okay she's done
the hard but now she wants the Cubs to
climb it's safe for them to come I don't
see where they are
well they'll hear about it
okay where's the Cubs okay I can hear
the little Cubs here we come
at the double through the long grass
bounce bounce bounce mom's got the food
you are pretty smart mother honey you
can see that mom I mean honey is not
taking any chances
because the disturbance of all those
wildebeest running away could attract
another predator a lion or a hyena this
is a dangerous moment